embassy ambush
embassy_night ambush
market ambush
market_night ambush
revolt ambush
revolt_night ambush
siege ambush
station ambush
station_night ambush
tell ambush
tell_night ambush
verticality ambush
verticality_night ambush
contact firefight
contact_night firefight
district firefight
district_night firefight
embassy firefight
embassy_night firefight
heights firefight
heights_night firefight
kandagal firefight
kandagal_night firefight
market firefight
market_night firefight
ministry firefight
ministry_night firefight
panj firefight
panj_night firefight
peak firefight
peak_night firefight
revolt firefight
revolt_night firefight
siege firefight
sinjar firefight
sinjar_night firefight
station firefight
station_night firefight
uprising firefight
uprising_night firefight
verticality firefight
verticality_night firefight
buhriz elimination
buhriz_night elimination
district elimination
district_night elimination
embassy elimination
embassy_night elimination
heights elimination
heights_night elimination
market elimination
market_night elimination
panj elimination
panj_night elimination
peak elimination
peak_night elimination
revolt elimination
revolt_night elimination
siege elimination
sinjar elimination
sinjar_night elimination
station elimination
station_night elimination
tell elimination
tell_night elimination
verticality elimination
verticality_night elimination