buhriz push
buhriz_night push
contact push
contact_night push
district push
district_night push
embassy push
embassy_night push
heights push
heights_night push
kandagal push
kandagal_night push
market push
market_night push
panj push
panj_night push
peak push
peak_night push
revolt push
revolt_night push
siege push
sinjar push
sinjar_night push
station push
station_night push
tell push
tell_night push
verticality push
verticality_night push
contact skirmish
contact_night skirmish
district skirmish
district_night skirmish
embassy skirmish
embassy_night skirmish
heights skirmish
heights_night skirmish
kandagal skirmish
kandagal_night skirmish
market skirmish
market_night skirmish
ministry skirmish
ministry_night skirmish
panj skirmish
panj_night skirmish
peak skirmish
peak_night skirmish
revolt skirmish
revolt_night skirmish
siege skirmish
verticality skirmish
verticality_night skirmish
buhriz strike
buhriz_night strike
contact strike
contact_night strike
district strike
district_night strike
embassy strike
embassy_night strike
heights strike
heights_night strike
market strike
market_night strike
panj strike
panj_night strike
revolt strike
revolt_night strike
verticality strike
verticality_night strike
buhriz occupy
buhriz_night occupy
contact occupy
contact_night occupy
district occupy
district_night occupy
embassy occupy
embassy_night occupy
heights occupy
heights_night occupy
kandagal occupy
kandagal_night occupy
market occupy
market_night occupy
ministry occupy
ministry_night occupy
panj occupy
panj_night occupy
peak occupy
peak_night occupy
revolt occupy
revolt_night occupy
siege occupy
station occupy
station_night occupy
tell occupy
tell_night occupy
uprising occupy
uprising_night occupy
verticality occupy
verticality_night occupy