panj push
panj_night push
market push
market_night push
embassy push
embassy_night push
district skirmish
district_night skirmish
embassy skirmish
embassy_night skirmish
verticality push
verticality_night push
heights skirmish
heights_night skirmish
uprising firefight
uprising_night firefight
panj firefight
panj_night firefight
market occupy
market_night occupy
heights strike
heights_night strike
verticality firefight
verticality_night firefight
market ambush
market_night ambush
station push
station_night push
ministry infiltrate
ministry_night infiltrate
sinjar push
sinjar_night push
buhriz push
buhriz_night push
tell push
tell strike
station_night ambush
panj skirmish
panj_night skirmish
market skirmish
market_night skirmish
ministry firefight
ministry_night firefight
district firefight
district_night firefight
uprising occupy
uprising_night occupy
station firefight
station_night firefight
panj occupy
panj_night occupy
embassy occupy
embassy_night occupy
buhriz strike
buhriz_night strike
station strike
tell occupy
station_night strike
contact infiltrate
heights push
heights_night push
peak push
peak_night push
peak skirmish
station ambush
peak_night skirmish
verticality skirmish
verticality_night skirmish
ministry skirmish
ministry_night skirmish
tell ambush
contact firefight
market firefight
market_night firefight
peak occupy
peak_night occupy
station occupy
station_night occupy
siege push
revolt push
revolt_night push
district push
district_night push
revolt skirmish
revolt_night skirmish
siege skirmish
contact skirmish
revolt firefight
revolt_night firefight
embassy firefight
embassy_night firefight
siege firefight
heights occupy
heights_night occupy
contact ambush
verticality_night ambush
peak firefight
peak_night firefight
buhriz occupy
buhriz_night occupy